gh-126899: Add `**kw` to `tkinter.Misc.after` and `tkinter.Misc.after_idle` (#126900)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-11-16-10-52-48.gh-issue-126899.GFnfBt.rst

> Add ``**kw`` to ``tkinter.Misc.after`` and ``tkinter.Misc.after_idle``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the var-positional parameter to :meth:`!tkinter.Misc.after` and :meth:`!tkinter.Misc.after_idle`.
```

Author: It shouldn't be `var-positional`, it's `var-keyword`, right?

Reviewer: Right. My bad. :man_facepalming:

> Add the var-keyword parameter to :meth:`!tkinter.Misc.after` and :meth:`!tkinter.Misc.after_idle`.

Reviewer 2: Revise as suggested for what's new.
```suggestion
Make tkinter widget methods ``after`` and ``after_idle`` accept arguments passed by keyword.
```
